Support array aggregate sum function (#7242)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/sql/scalar_functions.md

- [make_list](#make_list)
- [trim_array](#trim_array)

### `array_aggregate`

> Allows the execution of arbitrary existing aggregate functions on the elements of a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the execution of arbitrary existing aggregate function `name` on the elements of a list.
```
